Michael Bailey: Opium problem.
Michael Bailey: And
Michael Bailey: Your Gatica drew
Michael Bailey: Started with pain, pain, I hurt my back on my job.
Michael Bailey: Or for steel company.
Michael Bailey: And I know they they I
Michael Bailey: Accumulated
Michael Bailey: A spinal problem.
Michael Bailey: And it was talking about doing surgery and stuff. And they gave me a person is a percent is just either with the surgery.
Michael Bailey: My walk or not it's writing more surgery because, you know, so they prescribed me some pain medication and stuff. I'm not the pain would never go away. So I tried to as substance to
Michael Bailey: relieve the pain and got out of control the opium.
Michael Bailey: Okay. So what do you guys do an advertisement. I've seen on TV that might get me out.
Serenna Beers: Oh good, that's
Michael Bailey: That's where I met
Serenna Beers: Okay, and so I would imagine chronic, chronic pain is pretty CIG significant and you said that the event that transpired, which is what we call in our field the precipitating event was the work accident.
Michael Bailey: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what were they giving you, if you don't mind me asking like, what type of pain meds and how much were you taking and how did it.
Serenna Beers: Aggressively get worse.
Michael Bailey: I was taken out or Norco so 10 milligrams
Michael Bailey: Okay, you know, you know, soma's for muscle relaxers
Michael Bailey: Okay, and it was that it was working
Michael Bailey: For it.
Michael Bailey: To a certain extent.
Michael Bailey: Okay. No, and I wanted more more relief because they never go wait never even went to pain pills.
Michael Bailey: But they would, you know, they would work. But I was looking for, for just No pain at all. And I realized, you know,
Michael Bailey: It ain't gonna be no pain at all. It's like the doctor was saying, less I had surgery. But then it was sending that you know saying with the walking or not. If they get some role within the surgery. My prayer lives me some, you know, I was scared to death.
Michael Bailey: Sure was.
Michael Bailey: Started doing some, you know, doing what I should add, and like I say, that's what got me into this where I'm at right now would you with a bright heart and I appreciate everything you guys have done for me, you know, I'm looking for. So really,
Michael Bailey: Sure it's been edited.
Serenna Beers: Well, you definitely came to the right place.
Michael Bailey: Okay.
Serenna Beers: As far as all let me ask you, because you had said that you were taking the pain meds and now we've identified. It was the 10 milligram
Serenna Beers: The Narcos and then you said this, so much for the muscle relaxation and then you said until you did they abruptly stopped your prescription and then that's why you turn to St.
Serenna Beers: St st drugs for lack of better terms. And what did you start to do when you couldn't do the, the other
Michael Bailey: Where do you know the campaign. I started, I started adding with the pain, my pain pills, because I wanted you know the pain like if I take, I was taking like
Michael Bailey: Four times a day. Normal snorkels 10 milligrams
Michael Bailey: Four times a day.
Michael Bailey: In the brain. It really did you know it was less than my brain for
Michael Bailey: Half a day.
Michael Bailey: And then I'll take another one, after a day.
Michael Bailey: Or two, and then the next part is night. And then when I wake up in the morning you're paying it enhanced
Michael Bailey: You know, so what has take
Michael Bailey: Two to two in the morning.
Michael Bailey: My doctor. And so the prescription two in the morning. It was like two to four times a day for the solos, and I wasn't getting
Michael Bailey: I guess I was looking for. No pain at all. But then my doctor says, Be but they worked in Norco has worked for me. But I was just reaching out for more. I guess I should never did get started using the open
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Michael Bailey: And as soon as
Michael Bailey: If I could just say, no, no. All my pills. I wouldn't have been in this predicament that I'm in now.
Michael Bailey: So,
Michael Bailey: Because like I said to my son was in my Norco they worked for me.
Michael Bailey: No pain at all.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Michael Bailey: And there's back injury. My doctor says, I mean, just like Lou just
Michael Bailey: Movement, what
Michael Bailey: It has to pain, you know I'm saying
Michael Bailey: Mm hmm. You know,
Michael Bailey: Start moving around and stuff. The pain would increase, you know,
Michael Bailey: And
Michael Bailey: I don't have. I'm going to be 64 years old, I don't have much of a, you know, lifestyle. Now, I don't do a whole lot
Michael Bailey: So if I get
Michael Bailey: My medication my pain pills back
Michael Bailey: I believe I can do. All right.
No.
Michael Bailey: I took it overboard China it out. Now, I don't think it's as possible.
Michael Bailey: With no pain at all.
Michael Bailey: Yeah, so
Serenna Beers: Just
Have to wait, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, what about. So tell me about any prior treatment history. So have you ever sought help for substance abuse or mental health. Do you have any history of that at all.
Serenna Beers: Or is this your first time asking for
Help
Michael Bailey: I was gonna
Michael Bailey: I was asking for help. I was in a in a program called a match store.
Okay.
Michael Bailey: And when I first started using
Michael Bailey: The opium.
Michael Bailey: I was taking
Michael Bailey: Method on but the method down in it.
Michael Bailey: Started making me throw up a lot.
Serenna Beers: No.
Cancer I stopping
Michael Bailey: I was getting like major like nausea, they start throwing up a lot.
Michael Bailey: So I stopped doing that.
Michael Bailey: So I will continue.
Michael Bailey: My episode on the opium nothing
Michael Bailey: Thing or GV about bright heart and I call. And so since I've called right or I have not use any open sense
Okay.
Michael Bailey: I feel it's been like, oh,
Michael Bailey: I can't remember the data.
Michael Bailey: About thing.
Michael Bailey: Okay, I haven't had any desire.
Michael Bailey: I have buried in the Zach any desire at all for opium.
Serenna Beers: Oh, good.
Michael Bailey: And this mad.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. That's awesome.
Michael Bailey: That's magnificent
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah
Michael Bailey: Yeah, I don't
Michael Bailey: Know i mean i mean i got x
Michael Bailey: I'm gonna lie to you. I have access about, you know,
Michael Bailey: Sure. At my age, you know, and I got people to care by me love me and this is not who I'm supposed to be, you know, out of control, you know, saying,
Serenna Beers: Like that's good that you recognize that because we have one life right we have
Serenna Beers: One life and we got to live our best life.
Serenna Beers: What about
Serenna Beers: Um, so I have, you know, all these questions and I hopefully they're not intrusive. But you know, it's part of our system. This is how we find out all the stuff we need to find out about you to help build
Serenna Beers: A TREAT treat treatment plan that is going to be best suited for you. So I have to ask these even though
Serenna Beers: They are yucky to ask, but do you have any history of suicidal ideation and that's just where you thought, you know, gosh dang it. I would be better off dead. Not that you wanted to do it, not with the intent, but just an ideation about it.
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah
Michael Bailey: luxury good I thought
Okay.
Michael Bailey: You know what
Michael Bailey: I'm in a I had a wife of 30 years and she got killed.
Michael Bailey: I got
Michael Bailey: Back was in a drive by shooting incident and she got killed kizza my mom.
Michael Bailey: My mother, my kids and
Michael Bailey: And they are young and I started having problems, you know, saying,
Michael Bailey: Mm hmm. Even before that the open
Michael Bailey: A whole lot of things in my life.
Michael Bailey: You know, saying, I've been in prison. I got 35 years and out of prison and
Michael Bailey: And my age right now.
Michael Bailey: I'm trying to make the last two years, I have
Michael Bailey: To count for something
Serenna Beers: Good for you know
Michael Bailey: I have thought about
Michael Bailey: What you just say it.
Michael Bailey: Right. I don't know who else
Michael Bailey: I don't know who owes me out loud.
Serenna Beers: No, no, this is totally real. Do you see my my headset, though, I'm totally said cure and so no one on my nobody but me hears you and then
Serenna Beers: Of course your therapist who whoever you're assigned to you may have already been assigned to some someone your doctor and anybody who's a part of your treatment air are the are the only ones that are going to hear this. Okay.
Michael Bailey: We're problem, like I say, I don't know. Who did this to my kids mom shatter. We got killed. So I have a major problem repair know you
Michael Bailey: Sure impression
Michael Bailey: Is it and stuff like that. So I have thought about eliminate
Michael Bailey: Myself, but then I have other people that it keeps you from not doing it. The key is that they mom here, you know, I'm just trying to live the rest of my life as comfortable as I can. I don't want to turn my life terminate my life because I love me. But then I have deja vu that
Michael Bailey: You know,
Michael Bailey: When I look at my key is there, you know, they're depressed depresses me
Michael Bailey: Where it wasn't my fault, you know,
Michael Bailey: I don't know. So
Michael Bailey: I'm Kim a CFO. No.
Serenna Beers: Good. Okay, so what about and I just want to really normalize that for you. I cannot tell you honestly
Serenna Beers: Michael that I mean so many folks have been where you're at as far far as you have those kind of thoughts, depression, trauma, all of those types of things can bring about those thoughts. So the reason why we asked you is so that we know
Serenna Beers: The best way to help you because along alongside with your pain issues you might need some additional help with trauma, you might need some additional help with thing.
Serenna Beers: Is it you might, you know, this is just a way for us to kind of figure out the best path for you so that we can give you the greatest
Serenna Beers: Sir, Sir. Sir, services that are going to be the most effective for for you because everybody's different. What about. Have you ever had any, do you have a history of or have thoughts now and I'm just talking about thoughts of where you wanted to harm another person.
Michael Bailey: No.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
And
Michael Bailey: I got 14 and I got 14 girls and me.
Serenna Beers: Oh, good. I've always been the victim. You mean
Michael Bailey: They wanted me on to anybody you know
Michael Bailey: Will Never, never, never, never want to do harm anybody
Michael Bailey: Okay, you know,
Michael Bailey: My situation is, you know, saying that, you know, growing up and stuff, you know, I get childish thing.
Serenna Beers: Well, good, because, because that that leads me to the next question, which is growing, growing, growing up. What was your fam fam family life like
Michael Bailey: A dragon.
Serenna Beers: Ha.
Serenna Beers: Serena. Yeah.
Michael Bailey: I can see you.
Michael Bailey: Can you see me now. Okay.
Michael Bailey: Whoa.
Serenna Beers: Hang on.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Awesome.
Michael Bailey: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So weird. I don't know what
Serenna Beers: Is the issue is, I apologize.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear
Michael Bailey: What I got one is over.
Michael Bailey: I guess when he's Obama phones.
Michael Bailey: Is not just just a telephone
Serenna Beers: Okay, so you're doing your best on that.
Michael Bailey: Phone, would it would a sprint car.
Serenna Beers: Okay, um,
Michael Bailey: Alright, so we'll try to get
Serenna Beers: Through it
Michael Bailey: This weekend.
Serenna Beers: Yes. So tell me, just real brief briefly. If you can tell me what it was like grow. What was growing up in your family, in your
Serenna Beers: Family life like where are you adopted, did you have brothers or sisters where your mom and dad together. Did you have a step dad. Mom, Dad, are step mama step dad did your what was there a home life struggle with mental health or substance abuse, stuff like that, you
Michael Bailey: Know that I
Michael Bailey: Grew up
Michael Bailey: I was born in Oakland, California. My mom is from Dallas, Texas. My dad's from Jackson, Mississippi.
Michael Bailey: I had a tour lifestyle with my mom things not working out with my, my dad and then I have I have 12 brothers is in in seven sisters
Michael Bailey: By four different dance.
Michael Bailey: And so I moved around a lot in my life school different meals in different environments, but my mom was the stability.
Michael Bailey: Of
Michael Bailey: My foundation. Okay, you know, because if someone was not going right in our household with a man, my mom would plan us a night before and say, oh, I'm packing up and we'll say nothing to nobody. We're going tomorrow on the Graham was and we began. My mom always made it happen for
Serenna Beers: Moms, you know, can
Michael Bailey: You know she's a she, she died in 2006 have a heart attack.
Serenna Beers: I'm very
Sorry to hear that. How
Michael Bailey: She weren't taking her medications and she had a blood clot started early and transfer
Michael Bailey: Her to her heart and busted and she had, you know, not taking their medication.
Michael Bailey: But I had a good life.
Michael Bailey: Per se,
Michael Bailey: But the path that I've chose
Michael Bailey: It was me.
Michael Bailey: You know, I got beautiful brothers and sisters
Michael Bailey: And you know, we care LOVE MY BODY WAS ME THAT I'M TRYING TO I got 12 kids. I got eight girls and four boys.
Serenna Beers: Whoo.
I have
Michael Bailey: One. My mom's hospital right now before I called you, or my daughter's moms sees all just lost a
Serenna Beers: Three strikes last week.
Wow.
Michael Bailey: Right now.
Michael Bailey: She's in Washington right now my daughter, she's a military veteran JUST LIKE MY CO and
Serenna Beers: Thank you for your
Michael Bailey: She's probably saw
Serenna Beers: Service. Yeah, yeah.
Michael Bailey: Yeah. Wow. I wish.
Michael Bailey: I wish I could stay longer. But anyway, yeah. No, I never had any desire about a doing a note to myself or anybody else, you know, I'm just
Michael Bailey: Years of life. I'm trying to make the best of it you know I quit drinking ECHO.
Michael Bailey: About four years ago.
Michael Bailey: And I met this girl and I start dragging in
Michael Bailey: There was problems, you know, but that's
Michael Bailey: Not the issue. You know, you know, I died in May last year I bled to death behind the echo, echo as a whole in my colon. I went to the bathroom.
And
Michael Bailey: I believe blew it out of my rectum. I had to stay in hospital but almost two weeks for them so miraculously repair that and sort of scared me for Mac. Oh, you know,
What
Michael Bailey: After, after after this episode right now.
Michael Bailey: With the opium. I had a bad reaction to the Suboxone Friday last Friday.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Michael Bailey: I took a milligrams from time last Friday about like 10 O'CLOCK IN THE AM.
Michael Bailey: I mean PM.
Michael Bailey: And
Michael Bailey: It didn't work. Like, I thought it was supposed to work because I started sweating and still having a bad reaction. So, waiting. So I took some more.
Michael Bailey: 30 minutes later, after I took a half a script. And now I wouldn't have to some, like, it was like a compulsion.
Serenna Beers: Mighty was
Michael Bailey: Like a snake joints and everything was just like they was just move it all through my body stuff like electric electric shocks you, I'm saying
Michael Bailey: I'm going out to my buddy list about this look.
Michael Bailey: Like by four hours. I couldn't be steel. I was moving around, because I couldn't get into a position where it was stopped and I call 911 and
Michael Bailey: They came and they they they wouldn't take me to the hospital because they was saying that because of the corona virus and all that, I would add, stay in the hospital and what nothing they can do for me. And so
Michael Bailey: I have
Michael Bailey: Brown remember mine. I brought up some echo baka
Michael Bailey: Mm hmm. So I was so determined to get this feeling of me. I took a drink of vital.
Michael Bailey: And it really some of the
Michael Bailey: I know you see me. Can you see me.
Yeah.
Michael Bailey: Sorry.
Serenna Beers: Yep, I can see you.
Serenna Beers: Tryna yeah
Michael Bailey: Can you see me.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I can see you.
Serenna Beers: Yes.
Serenna Beers: I can see you.
Michael Bailey: Okay, are you
Serenna Beers: Can you see me.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Hello.
Serenna Beers: Michael
Michael Bailey: Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Yep, I can hear you.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me now.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Are you there. Yep. I can hear you.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Michael Bailey: Hello.
Hello.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: You have me on mute, or you're on mute.
Serenna Beers: You need to
Serenna Beers: unmute it. There you go. Hello.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Are you there, Michael.
Serenna Beers: I'm not sure what's happening. I don't think he's able to hear or see me.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Michael Bailey: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Hello.
Michael Bailey: Hey, see me.
Serenna Beers: I can see ya.
Serenna Beers: I lost you again. Where's your face.
Michael Bailey: To do.
Serenna Beers: Well, as long as I can still hear you. Oh, there you go. There you go. I see your face.
Serenna Beers: Can you see my face.
Serenna Beers: you're muted me
Serenna Beers: Hello. Hello.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me or see me.
Serenna Beers: You, you need to unmute you. I can see you but you have your microphone on mute.
Serenna Beers: Let's see if I can unmute
Serenna Beers: I can't. You'll have to unmute yourself.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear, can you hear me. Nod if you're able to hear me.
Serenna Beers: Your microphone is on mute, can, can you unmute me
Serenna Beers: There you go.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me now.
Serenna Beers: Are you with me.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me, Michael.
Michael Bailey: Serena.
Yes.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Can you, can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me though.
Serenna Beers: Are you able to hear me.
Michael Bailey: Can you hear me.
I can
Serenna Beers: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me enough Tanner. Okay, so you're not able to hear me.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.